[NARRATOR] It had been three
days since his free trial.
Thanks to his prior
athletic experience,
Sakurai found himself
fitting right in at the gym.
By devoting himself to
strenuous physical activities,
he found it easier
to clear his mind
of any trivial worries
from the day.
Nevertheless, some
thoughts persisted.
You got this, Shinichi.
[SAKURAI grunting]
[SAKURAI] I'm too weak.
Gotta train harder.
It's been kinda quiet
around here lately, huh.
Okay, time to bench.
Man, you sure are full
of energy today.
I hope you're letting your
muscles recover properly.
You know it.
I'm not gonna lie, I've had
a lot on my mind lately.
But as long as I wear
myself out in the gym,
I sleep like a log.
That's nice to hear, but aren't
you a little too young
to be training your
life away like a monk?
Oh, and speaking of people
who don't know when to quit.
[SAKURAI] Here comes Fuji.
How are you, sir?
Well, if it isn't Sakurai!
Need a spotter today, kiddo?
Yeah that would
be great, thanks.
[IMURA] He's determined to sweat
away every last bit of anxiety.
Call it a hunch, I get the
feeling you've got somethin'
on your mind. Oh ho-ho, I know!
Let me guess--
it's a woman, isn't it?
You got nothing to worry
'bout in that department.
You're a handsome kid with a
nice head on your shoulders,
ya know what I mean?
The birds'll come
flockin' to you, stud!
Well, you were right.
Fuji doesn't stop until
he's up to his elbows in
something he shouldn't be.
Yep. Stay strong.
Fortunately, if you're ever
looking for life advice,
there're always plenty
of experienced dudes
around here who can mentor you.
Including this old hack,
of course!
Then again, I've got
concerns of my own.
Cause my eldest daughter's
been driving me up the wall.
It turns out she's been
going crazy over this
friend from school
she's been seeing.
So, what happened to the
master offering wisdom?
Yo, you really shouldn't
be airing out your kid's
dirty laundry behind
her back like this.
I just wanted to vent my issues
in a safe space for a bit!
Guess you were the one who
was jonesing for life advice.
Fine then. We'll listen,
but only 'cause she
doesn't lift here.
You wanna start by telling us
how old your daughter is?
She's a 20-year-old in college.
Actually, she's about
your age, Sakurai.
[SAKURAI]
Oh, really?
I know you're worried about her,
but it sounds like she's
an adult, so you
should butt out.
She's capable of
paving her own way.
She's absolutely not!
If you ask me, 20 years
old is still a child!
Is that so?
Well, Sakurai's from the same
generation. What's his take?
Ya know, it's honestly
hard to say.
Some folks my age act like
adults, and some not so much.
[FUJIO]
Mm-hm.
Either way, though, at the end
of the day I think it depends
on the individual we're
talking about, right?
Because you could
technically be full grown,
but if the way you act
doesn't reflect that,
then you might as well still
be a child since that's how
you're deciding to walk
through your life.
Whoa. That was an impressive
answer you came up with.
I-I'm sorry, just forget it.
Whatever I said was
probably outta line.
Nothing to worry about
kiddo. You're good.
So how far into a relationship
is she with this guy?
Are they in a rough patch?
That's the funny
thing, actually.
From what I can tell, things
haven't gotten that heavy.
[KUROKI]
Uh... If nothing's happened,
then what's there
to worry about?
[FUJIO] I'm not really sure,
but something's goin' on.
According to my daughter,
they're pretty tight at school.
Apparently, they've known
each other for a while.
He's a lone wolf
who lives by himself,
so she hangs out
with him on the regular.
To top it all off, she even
cooks for the lucky guy.
But he still hasn't made
a move on my girl.
Something's not adding up.
Not to call her out, but
are you sure your daughter
is telling the whole
truth about this stuff?
She isn't making
anything up, right?
I know she isn't though.
Whenever she tries to sneak
something past me,
she glances to the right.
Do you not realize that
memorizing your daughter's
tells makes you a
helicopter parent?
But if they've spent
that much time together
and he hasn't even
budged an inch...
It means there's only
one logical explanation.
And what would that be, exactly?
[BOTH]
Whoever this guy might be,
he just isn't into your
daughter like that!
No, that can't be!
My baby girl's as
cute as a button,
in case you idiots forgot!
Don't you think
that's a bit biased?
Between you and your kid,
it seems you're the one
that has a credibility issue.
No, I don't because
it's the truth!
About this supposed boyfriend,
assuming he is into
your baby girl,
isn't it a good thing
that he's respectful
instead of pouncing on
her like a wild beast?
[FUJIO grunts]
[UZAKI] He's always been a loner
ever since high school.
He's so hopeless,
I can't help but look out
for the poor schmuck, okay?
You're head over heels!
[ALL gasping]
He's giving her
the cold shoulder.
I don't know if I should curse
the guy or praise his name.
Fujio's a complicated soul.
Let's get a youngun's opinion.
What do you think, Sakurai?
Uh. I couldn't really say.
It doesn't feel right weighing
in when I don't know
what type of person he is,
but if I were the guy
and a girl I liked
stopped by to hang,
I suppose I wouldn't wanna
move too aggressively
if she was that important to me.
That's so thoughtful.
You truly are pure of heart.
Uhh...
[FUJIO]
It's nice to know you care.
And kudos to you, Casanova.
I can tell you've got
a special someone, too.
[SAKURAI] I was being totally
hypothetical just now,
so can we please get back
to the topic at hand?
Anyway, moving on. If we're
dealing with that type
of thinking, then I
bet your daughter's
real important to
her mystery man.
Y'know what,
you're probably right.
Sure wish I could know
for certain though.
I do wonder what
he's actually like.
Now I'm curious, too.
What can you do,
I guess I won't know
until I meet the guy.
Might as well get
back to trainin'.
Speaking of which,
you can start by
helping me out with my squats.
You enjoy your workout,
my friends.
He might go off later, but it
seems he's cheered up for now.
At least he's smiling again.
We haven't been
acquainted for long,
but I can tell you're
wise beyond your years.
Because of what I said?
I don't think I've ever
been told that before.
[NARRATOR] It's said that the
endorphins and adrenaline
released during bouts of
intense physical training
can lift one's spirits
and provide
a noticeable
psychological boost.
And though he trained hard
while on the swim team,
Sakurai's naturally introverted
countenance kept
whatever social confidence
he may have had at bay.
However, thanks to the
interpersonal skills he gained
through two years of
earnest customer service,
and the pure exhilaration
of rediscovering exercise,
it was as though a
pair of twin gears
had finally clicked into place
and a change was beginning
to stir from deep within.
He still hasn't read it.
He isn't working today,
so what's the deal?
[YANAGI] You wanna play some
video games, Hana?
Nah. I'm not in the mood.
Aw. Well how 'bout you, Kiri?
We haven't played a
versus match in forever.
You can forget it, sis.
We both know you're just
gonna end up
winning like always.
If you start to
feel like giving up,
then I could go easy on you.
[KIRI] Dude, that's the
most humiliating part!
[UZAKI grumbles]
[UZAKI] I wonder if he found
another hobby or something?
He might be spending time alone.
[gasps]
[UZAKI] Finally, fool had me
worried for a second.
"Me and mom will be waiting up
for you. Looking forward to it."
Mood change alert! You texting
that friend of yours?
No, I am not!
[NARRATOR]
As though on cue,
Hana Uzaki instinctively
glanced to her right.
Nothing like a nice,
long soak in the tub
to wash all the mess
and stress away.
[YANAGI]
Aw, c'mon, Hana!
Pretty please with
a cherry on top?
Why didn't you invite me?
I wanna hang out with your
mysterious man friend.
[UZAKI] Urgh. Hey, he isn't
some kinda show pony
I can trot out. Quit
stretching my hoodie!
I hate to ruin the surprise,
but he's not all that
interesting to look at.
Unless you're into shut-ins
with creepy eyes.
Didn't stop you from
falling for him.
For the last time, he likes me
not the other way around!
Hey, Mom.
Are we still good for our
cooking lesson tomorrow?
[YANAGI]
Mom, can you do me a favor?
Will you take a
picture of Hana's
man crush and send it to me?
[UZAKI] Don't listen to her!
She's being annoying!
Would you two stop horsing
around in the hallway
before you break something!
I'll behave if you let me take
off from school tomorrow!
[TSUKI] Absolutely not! Ugh,
you are not playing hooky.
Who are you, your father?
While we're on the subject,
there's something I needed
to tell you about tomorrow.
Uh?
[UZAKI]
Mom said something came up.
That's why she didn't join us.
No worries.
Lucky for us, everything
still turned out great.
Thanks to your mom's recipe.
You're coming along in
your cooking journey.
All that hard work
is payin' off.
[SAKURAI]
Huh?
You've made so many delicious
things. And it's practically
like you're living in
our kitchen these days.
Is that so? I guess.
But don't you think you're
forgetting something?
The real reason you've
been coming over?
[SAKURAI grunts]
[TSUKI]
Those two must be wrapping up
their cooking lesson
now, which means...
[ASAI] Is everything
all right, Mrs. Uzaki?
You've been looking
kinda stressed out
ever since you walked in.
I'm sorry, have I?
I'm just hoping for
things to go well today.
Things are still so
uncertain, you know?
Yeah, I definitely
know what you mean.
[TSUKI] This is for the best.
They'll be alone in the kitchen.
Surely something'll happen.
And without me there to
serve as a distraction,
Hana will have his
undivided attention.
Forgive me, Sakurai.
I have a family.
I can't return your feelings.
So, take my daughter's instead!
I don't know, Dad.
Relax, sweetheart.
Let's just leave her be.
[NARRATOR]
And so, as Tsuki Uzaki
persisted in her
misunderstanding,
both father and daughter
watched her suffer in silence.
It's happening. All my
dreams have come true.
Shyshka already gets along
well with people
so I figured she'd be down
for some cuddles with you.
I'd introduce you to this one,
but Nika's a scaredy-cat,
she's not quite there yet.
The fact I even get to hold
one of them is incredible,
so don't worry about it.
Thanks for letting me
hang out with your kitties.
Hm? Huh, that's funny. There's
something different about you.
You seem less creepy than usual.
What's that supposed to mean,
am I usually creepy
or something?
[UZAKI] Is it me,
or is he glowing today?
[UZAKI] Seriously.
What's gotten into him?
[SAKURAI]
Uzaki!
Your cat started purring and
her throat got all rumbly.
That means she's in a
really good mood, right?
Yeah, that means
she's happy to see you.
No need to freak out.
So soft. I can die a happy man.
[UZAKI] Ah, whatever.
I'm just imagining things.
[TSUKI]
Good grief, I thought for sure
he would've gone home by now.
[SAKURAI]
Oh. Hey, Ms. Tsuki!
[TSUKI] I didn't think I'd run
into him on my way back!
Thanks a bunch.
That recipe was amazing.
How sweet. Why, you're
very welcome, of course.
Did everything you make
turn out all right?
I imagine you put in quite
a bit of effort today.
Yeah. Well to be honest,
the actual cooking lesson
itself went off without a hitch.
But afterwards,
I guess you could say
I stuck around for a while.
[TSUKI] What does he mean
by that? Could it be...?
Did something special
happen while I was out?
Wow, I gotta say I'm
a little embarrassed
that you read me so easily.
But you totally called it.
And if I'm telling the truth,
I've been interested
for a while now.
Well, I can see why you'd
stick around for that.
[SAKURAI]
Right!
Oh, it must've been
exciting for you.
You know it.
You and Hana finally...
Hana let me hold her puss-puss!
[NARRATOR]
As in the cat.
[gasping]
Every part of that moment
felt warm and soft,
and I could tell she was
really enjoying it, too.
[NARRATOR]
Again, the cat.
[TSUKI] My goodness.
I'm at a loss for words.
I did want to make sure
Hana's feelings
weren't unrequited,
but not this quickly.
He's moving from
zero to a hundred!
It's entirely possible
that I'm just being greedy,
and I probably am
asking for way too much.
But it would be
incredible if I got
to hold two of them at
the same time someday.
[NARRATOR]
He meant two cats.
[SAKURAI laughing]
[SAKURAI]
Oops, didn't mean to keep you.
Catch ya next time, Ms. Tsuki!
[TSUKI]
Uh. Uh-huh...
My, his appetite is insatiable.
He's more relentless than
a bloodthirsty young wolf!
[NARRATOR] Thus, the needless
angst of Tsuki Uzaki toiled on.
How shall I quell the hunger
of this ravenous beast?
Leave it alone, lady!
[ALL] Happy birthday!
We love you so much, Mom!
Aw, what a pleasant surprise!
Go ahead and take
a load off, Mom.
By the way, how old
are you now-- [groans]
Your Mom comes from a long
line of baby-faced folks
who've pretty much
never seen a wrinkle.
That's right, she'll
look young forever!
Whaddaya say, wifeycakes,
should we try for a fourth?
Maybe you should chill
out on the dirty talk
while we're in the room?
[YANAGI]
G'morning everybody.
Whoa. What's with you guys?
Why're you all quiet?
[KIRI, UZAKI grunt]
[FUJIO] You work so hard, dear.
Anything I can help with?
[TSUKI] Careful, darling.
I almost dropped my spatula.
Hello, Yanagi,
I didn't see you come in.
You'll have to
forgive your mother
since she might have
overslept a little.
Breakfast should be
ready in just a second,
all right my darlings?
[YANAGI]
Uhh--
[NARRATOR]
At times like these,
it was better to keep
one's mouth shut.
Oh, for crying out loud,
you'd think it's still
the woman's birthday.
[UZAKI]
Uh! Birthday?
Wait a sec. Now that
I think about it...
I just realized I don't know
when Sakurai's birthday is!
[YANAGI] Uh oh. That's
definitely an "oh, crap" face.
[SAKAKI] Care to explain
why you called me here
on such short notice?
Or does our buddy Saku have
something to do with it?
As the Sakurai whisperer,
I assume you know
everything there is to know
about that big dummy.
So, I humbly beg
for your expertise!
Okay, no need to get on
your hands and knees.
You've already
caught my interest
and I'm willing to listen.
So, what exactly
do you want to know?
Well, I was hoping you
could tell me his birthday!
[SAKAKI grunts]
[SAKAKI]
Not to beat a dead horse,
but do you remember what I
said about this last time?
How you should hurry things up
and make a move already?
Because no offense,
but I was hoping you
could do better than this.
[ASAI]
Whoa. This is the first time
I've ever seen him lose morale.
As if all of that
hard work went nowhere.
[laughs] I suppose it
just slipped my mind.
[CAFÉ OWNER] Not to worry, dear.
We can help you with that.
We had a little birthday
celebration for Sakurai
when he turned 20 last year.
We all stayed after closing
and had cake.
[UZAKI]
Wait, really? No fair!
[SAKAKI]
How? He's their employee!
So, what is it you're trying
to pull off here, Uzaki.
Is somebody trying to
make sure the loner
doesn't feel neglected
on his big day?
[laughs] How adorable.
It's not about that!
I don't wanna be the kind of
friend who doesn't even know
his birthday when I'm
pretty sure he knows mine.
That would make me an
awful friend, don't you think?
So, it's about feeling guilty.
Ah, there's no
reason to hide it,
so you might as well know
that Sakurai was born
on November 29th.
Hold on, that's just
around the corner!
Good thing I asked
before it was too late.
And it's an easy one to
remember because it happens
to fall on
National Beefcake Day.
[SAKAKI]
Maybe for a degenerate like you.
Come to think of it,
I don't know what kind
of present I should
get him. In my experience,
it always seems like
you can barely get him
to crack a smile, no
matter how much you try.
Trust me, we're very familiar.
Our party last year
was actually a surprise,
but it didn't go over
how we'd planned.
You didn't need to go through
all this trouble just for me.
Wow, what a blah reaction.
Buzzkiller.
Yeah, that's our
meathead loner boy.
Try this out.
But use it responsibly.
[UZAKI]
Mm...
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Seriously, dear?
I thought you were finished
with the risky outfits.
Isn't this a bit much?
[ASAI] I
don't need you judging me, Dad.
It's not like it would be
on company time anyway!
My goodness.
Maybe I should've spent
more time with you as a kid.
Sakaki please?
I have faith that you'll
think of something in time.
[UZAKI]
Thanks, buttmunch!
You know him better than anyone,
and I bet you'll know how
to impress him once you
put your mind to it.
Huh?
[NARRATOR] Then the big day
had arrived. November 29th.
Happy birthday!
Ready to have lots of fun
on your special day?
I was wracking my brain for
days trying to figure out
ways to celebrate,
but I couldn't decide.
Thank you, but you really didn't
need to go outta your way.
It was turning
into a real chore,
so I thought we'd
just do it all!
Should I thank you
for your service now?
First things first, a hot meal!
C'mon sweaty!
You just gonna keep
digging tunnels all day?
No fair! Quit setting up
those stupid bombs already.
Can you believe he gets
away with it in the end?
Hey peanut gallery,
lay off on the spoilers.
Whoops. Totally didn't
mean to do ruin it,
won't let it happen again.
Yeah, you sound sorry.
[UZAKI] Are you finished with
that volume yet, slowpoke?
[SAKURAI] Almost. Gimme five
more minutes and it's yours.
[UZAKI]
Oof, that was fun!
So how ya feeling about
turning 21, birthday boy?
Have you been enjoying yourself?
I can't say it feels very
different from any other year
in my life. Still,
it's been a blast so far.
Of course, you big goof.
It must be awesome
getting to celebrate
with a party queen like me.
Especially when you're
a nerd who wouldn't know
how to let loose if
his life depended on it.
Feel free to get down on your
knees and thank me at any time.
Yeah, it is pretty awesome.
Thanks for hanging out all day.
Don't get mushy,
the pleasure's all mine.
I can't believe you
even brought a cake.
But I do feel kinda bad
that you went through
so much trouble for me.
Not to ruin the mood,
but I'm not sure how
to return the favor.
Listen, there's no need to
worry your messy little head
about any of that when
you're the man of the hour.
That's real sweet of you,
but still.
[UZAKI]
Uh. Ooh, I know. How about this?
If you want, you could always
try to hit me back next year.
You're not the only one
with a birthday, ya know?
[SAKURAI] Mm. Guess we could
celebrate yours, too.
I know you suck at planning,
but at least try!
And the better you do,
the better your next
birthday will be!
And if you can manage to
blow my socks off,
I might give you
points for being
extra-sweet and
leaving the house.
Points towards what now?
Points towards your Uzakimiles!
[SAKURAI] Uzakimiles?
What are you, an airline?
[SAKURAI] Maybe it's 'cause
I've been hitting the gym,
but I feel like my head's
gotten a lot clearer.
Sure, she gets on my nerves,
but I'm in a better mood
when she's around.
Whenever she's making a fuss,
I know it's only
because she cares.
No matter what kind
of messes we get into,
it really is fun hanging out.
She makes it fun.
Damn, she got me good. I
actually wanna return the favor.
Better not let on, though.
It'll go straight to her head.
I'll try to keep that
in mind for next year.
Whaddaya mean, you'll try?
I wanna hear you say
that you'll do it.
All right, whatever,
it's a promise.
If we commit to this,
we could make it
a regular thing from now on!
Let's not get carried away.
[UZAKI laughing]
[SAKURAI] I mean, after next
year, I'll be graduating.
Huh?
[SAKURAI]
Hm? Uzaki?
[UZAKI gasping]
[UZAKI]
It's just like what Sakaki said.
[SAKAKI] You might want to make
a move sooner rather than later.
[UZAKI]
That jerk was right.
I've only got a year
and some change left.
What am I supposed to do
with so little time?
And this idiot doesn't even
seem to be in any kind of hurry.
What a pain.
Ugh. At this rate,
he's totally gonna graduate
without knowing how I feel.
And after that...
I...
I'll never get to...
[UZAKI]
Uh. Hey, Sakurai?
[SAKURAI]
What's up?
[UZAKI]
I, uh... Well you see, I...
I was just thinking that...
Seems you got something
serious on your mind.
[UZAKI]
Mm-hm...
[SAKURAI] Well, it's
real honesty hours now.
You can let it out.
No more hiding.
I hope that you're ready
for things to get sincere.
[SAKURAI]
Go ahead.
I was thinking...
[gasps]
How 'bout getting
held back a year?
[SAKURAI] What? Why the hell
would I risk my degree?!
So you can have more
time to hang out with
your favorite person
before you walk, obviously!
[SAKURAI] Do you have any
idea how crazy you sound?
[UZAKI] You'll be eligible to
earn triple the Uzakimiles
if you let yourself
repeat a year!
[SAKURAI] Are you still on about
your imaginary points program?
Forget it, I'm not enrolling!
[UZAKI]
But think of the benefits!
[NARRATOR] It was then that
a sense of impatience
began to develop.
A pesky malaise
growing within
Hana Uzaki's heart.
[UZAKI] Seriously,
what am I gonna do?